---
title: ''OSCN Kicks off the New Year with Nine more District Courts added to its Case Search''
newsid: 159
publish: 2016-01-08 07:30 -0500
expire: 2016-02-01 12:00 -0500
system: 
feature: 
category: mis
news: true
carousel: false
link: 
carousel_expire: 
carousel_content: ''''
layout: post
---
<p>On January 7, 2016, the Oklahoma Supreme Court added nine additional district courts to its online case search. With this addition, visitors to the OSCN website now have the capability to search public records in 34 district  courts and in the Appellate Court. This free service provides the public a  convenient way to search for court records by case number, name, date of birth,  and other identifiers. Search results are fast, and case information is  available almost immediately after being processed by the court clerk's office. In addition to online case information, site visitors may view court-related documents online; however, documents availability will vary by district court.</p>
 <!--more-->
<p>On January 7, 2016, the Oklahoma Supreme Court added nine additional district courts to its online case search. With this addition, visitors to the OSCN website now have the capability to search public records in 34 district courts and in the Appellate Court. This free service provides the public a convenient way to search for court records by case number, name, date of birth, and other identifiers. Search results are fast, and case information is available almost immediately after being processed by the court clerk's office. In addition to online case information, site visitors may view court-related documents online; however, documents availability will vary by district court.</p><p>The OSCN website is designed and developed by the MIS Division of the Administrative Office of Courts (AOC). The case search project is an extensive effort to integrate all 77 district courts data into OSCN's searchable online database. This online database does not replace the two case management systems used by the district courts; instead, it provides a centralized location for the public to search court records and view related documents. </p><p>The initial expansion of case search began with five district courts added in February, 2015, and seven more added shortly thereafter. These successful releases by the MIS Division have paved the way for establishing the technology needed to provide Oklahoma with a statewide online case search. Look for additional district courts to be added to OSCN's case search in the very near future!</p><p>Courts currently available on OSCN Case Search:</p><ul style="font-family: arial; font-size: 12px;"><li>The Appellate Court</li><li>The District Courts of - <table cellpadding="0" cellpadding="0" border="0" width="100%"><tr><td width="50%"><ol start="1" style="font-family: arial; font-size: 12px;"><li>Adair County</li><li>Atoka County</li><li>Beaver County</li><li>Bryan County</li><li>Canadian Count </li><li>Cherokee County<span style="color: red;"> * New</span></li><li>Choctaw County</li><li>Cleveland County</li><li>Coal County</li><li>Comanche Count </li><li>Ellis County</li><li>Garfield County</li><li>Haskell County</li><li>Latimer County</li><li>LeFlore County</li><li>Lincoln County</li><li>Logan County</li></ol></td><td width="50%"><ol start="18" style="font-family: arial; font-size: 12px;"><li>McCurtain County</li><li>McIntosh County<span style="color: red;"> * New</span></li><li>Muskogee County<span style="color: red;"> * New</span></li><li>Noble County</li><li>Nowata County<span style="color: red;"> * New</span></li><li>Okfuskee County<span style="color: red;"> * New</span></li><li>Oklahoma County</li><li>Okmulgee County<span style="color: red;"> * New </span><span style="font-size: xx-small;"><em>(includes the Henryetta satellite office)</em></span></li><li>Payne County</li><li>Pittsburg County<span style="color: red;"> * New</span></li><li>Pottawatomie County </li><li>Pushmataha County</li><li>Roger Mills County</li><li>Rogers County</li><li>Sequoyah County<span style="color: red;"> * New</span></li><li>Tulsa County</li><li>Wagoner County<span style="color: red;"> * New</span></li></ol></td></tr></table></li></ul><p>Start your free <a href="http://www.oscn.net/dockets/search.aspx">case search</a> now!</p>